# Project Loona: A Solution to FPS Grunt Work
Project Loona is a custom Godot project designed to make FPS game development a breeze, and it aims to do so while making creative control its main focus. With Loona, the technical aspects of designing an FPS game are as simple and easy as possible, letting you dive straight into the fun parts of game development! Loona is unique from most other templates and jumpstart files because it doesn't lock away its changes and technical design; instead, it brings them to the forefront with easy to understand variables and a completely modular design that makse Loona unbreakable! You can change every single thing about Loona and make it 100% unique without having to spend hours writing code and assigning values and craeting/deleting hundreds of variables. Below, I explain all of these details in more... well, detail.

## A Game Engine Made in Godot
Think of Loona as a template save file for FL Studio or a default project file for Unity. I want to make multiple games that use the same structure and baseline code in order to speed up the game creation process and to give all of my games a similar feel. This repository was made to document Loona's development and to keep it open-source because, hey, this idea could prove useful to someone wanting to make a game in Godot but who doesn't know how to program well, or someone who doesn't like template projects and such but who doesn't want to endure the long process of creating things like gravity, custom physics, movement controls, etc.

## Did Someone Say Variables?
Loona is currently being designed around modularity and variability. In short, I want Loona to be able to easly handle any change the user wants to make to it. For example, if the user wants to change the Y-Axis gravity, they can do so by editing a singular "Gravity" Vector; then, if the user then wants a specific character or object to have a separate gravity (i.e: horizontal gravity or slower gravity), they can do so easily by either calling a function to make the gravity attatched to that script/object unique, or perhaps gravity is a global variable assigned to every physics object and can be changed or turned on/off in the editor with ease. I want Loona to take care of all the technical aspects of game design and leave all the more creative choices to the user.

## How Will I Integrate Loona Into my Game?
Easy! Loona is not designed be an add-on (yet); instead, it's just a simple Godot project with some scripts and scenes and a very simple folder structure that mirror's Unity and its "Assets" structure. All you have to do to use Loona is download the files, drop them into a new folder, rename that folder to whatever you want your project name to be, and finally just use the scripts, functions, variables, scenes, etc to design your game!

### One Last Thing
I am also learning how to use Github for the first time so there's gonna be a lot of weird and funky looking shit here
